wolfgang and has his workshop near
Munich has made his profession his profession
and is dedicated to repair especially gold
a vehicle that in the 80s wrote
history of the automobile and the cinema and is
today a model of worship
the first thing that draws attention in the
Delorean is the steel body
stainless brushed steel without paint
because it is not necessary the design is of
giugiaro and such a design that created him
late 70's another attraction are
the doors of seagull wings
relatively large and heavy by the
many components that also carry
It has centralized locking and power windows
electric central phenyl a traveler
electrointensive the car was very
comfortable for those times came
with air conditioning leather seats
steering wheel also covered with leather a
very good equipment interface
landings 11 cut
those who are here same
because he had rejected an assignment
development for delorean why is
based on the esprit lotus chassis
then the engine is a six cylinder
of weight series
reindeer and volvo
this is v6 engine the developed rb6 and
built by dogs reindeer and volvo but
this variant was not mounted on any other
Author of those manufacturers conceived
originally as sporty with motor
central the size and weight of the best 6
they finally made the engine have
to be mounted back
the delorean has because of the engine
back a bias of its own but both in
straight as in curves behaves
neutral mind is a joy to drive it
fast on the road the b 6 has a
132 horsepower speed
maximum about 200 kilometers per hour
back, the big ones are striking
bumpers are German manufactured by
phoenix in hamburg also the two
upper decks are German from the
parrot company in augsburg are
frontmen in the cars because
at the end of the 70s at the beginning of
the 1980s it was not yet common to integrate
bumper on the body
delorean took it to practice very very
well these are the original tires
typical delorean an outfit and lorient
this little window originally
It was sliding but they did not like the
builders and it finally transformed
in a small window a double that
it is operated electrically
in short a lot of glass the interior is
Warms up quickly without air
conditioning would be very hot in the
car
the delorean car becomes famous for the
film trilogy back to the future screenplay
of the order exvicepresident of general
motors opens the factory in ireland where
receives a support of 100 million
sterling government
also sammy davis junior and johnny
carson invest however due to the
crisis in the automotive sector
company is in 1980 on the verge of closure
finally bankrupt in 1982 after
manufacture 9 thousand cars in 1981 american
express managers of galvanized deloreans
in 24 carat gold today exist in
total 3 golden deloreans
I have in the dorado was an idea of
delorean and american express was planned
build 100 gold cars but
they actually came to be manufactured
only three the third was the last of
lorean that came out of the line of
production was manufactured for the receiver
charged with liquidating the company at the
1982 he bought for himself and it
I wear
wolfgang is the specialist in delorean
throughout Europe your customers come from
near and far
getting spare parts is easy you can
buy new or used
- the left front fender
after closing the factory the
tools to make it were
destroyed the car has many parts
standard engine and gearbox
are reindeer the injection the electronics
and the voice ignition the components
lucas and bosch electric
simply built one out
the delorean was offered with manual box
of 5 changes or automatic of 3 driving
a lorean is not complicated there is
observe the law of physics and have
care on wet asphalt by the
rear engine
for the rest, it behaves like any
another car that is not spectacular by
the series components used
but this delorean if it's something special
is a lorean of the first series the
first series still has the
stamped ribs and here the lid of the
tank the tank lid is operated in
this model only electrically
the DeLorean a classic of the 80s in
the 21st century